Fuego del Culo.
Girl. if it itches. it's crabs.
♪ I switched the game
No time for playing ♪
♪ I'm redefined ♪
♪ Now I'ma transform ♪
♪ Right in front
Of all your eyes ♪
♪ I shapeshift ♪
Hey. girl.
You want some brown liquor?
Brown liquor
don't make this pussy pop.
Tequila it is.
Here you go.
Mm.
¡Viva la revolución!
Now. that shit right there make
my pussy pop
on a handstand!
So. what are you doing here
anyway?
What do you think
I'm doing here?
I'm starring
in the opening scene.
Been there. done that.
Pick up the phone!
Pick up the pho--
Richie?
Teyana. Hi.
I thought it'd be easier
for the audience
if they didn't have to read
more texts.
Yeah. that makes sense.
'Cause you know
these motherfuckers can't read.
I know who goes to see
a Wayans Brothers movie.
Well. it's nice
to phone-meet you
in this super awkward way.
Likewise.
But I got to be honest.
When I seen your profile pic.
a bitch almost swiped left
because you look mad goofy.
But surprisingly.
you know them goofy niggas
got big dicks. so here we are.
I take you for a Jersey girl.
A Jersey girl?
Listen. I love Jersey down.
But I'm a Harlem girl.
Born and motherfucking raised.
Real niggas only. Yeah.
Oh. so you're Black.
No. motherfucker!
I'm BLACK!
All caps.
No cap. but caps.
Fuck all y'all!
Bitch.
spit them pearls back out.
I ain't want your shit.
Hello.
So tell me.
what's your favorite
scary movie?
Mm... I don't really do them.
you know.
All the stupid tropes and shit.
Why is it always
the white bitch at the end?
Because they know
it is too hard
to kill a sista.
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
Cause if the sista can survive
government cheese.
we can survive anything.
You know. it might help
if you met me outside.
Met you outside?
Boy. you is needy!
What's your sign?
You must be a Scorpio.
How'd you know?
Good dick though.
But toxic as hell.
Hey. is the restaurant
near an alley?
Yes. hurry
before they rob your ass.
Roses?
Ah! Not today.
Cheap bitch.
Heard you. ho.
Okay. I'm--
I'm coming down the alley now.
I'm here.
Can you see me? I'm waving.
No.
The person I'm looking at
is not waving.
In fact.
they're just staring at me.
Well. stare at his ass back!
And don't blink. Never blink.
You got to scrunch your lips
and be like. "What?"
No. they're walking
towards me now.
Hold on.
Oh no. they have a knife!
Well. don't lead his ass
over here.
And that's not the worst part.
The worst part
is you know so much
about horror movies
and yet you still
walked into the alley alone.
Yeah. well the worst part is.
you fucking with
a New York bitch. Cuckoo!
Yeah!
Cuckoo. cuckoo!
Cuckoo!
Damn!
She's on some Avengers shit!
Seriously. Larry?
I ain't recognize
your bird call.
Thought you was going
more with a--
That's a pigeon. nigga!
Supposed to be. "Cuckoo!"
Cuckoo!
A hawk swooping in an attack!
My bad.
Are you done?
What the hell?
Bitch. I'm Teyana Taylor.
My abs got abs.
Get him!
Ow! My arm! My arm!
Get in there!
Come on. guys.
we can work this out.
Somebody help me!
Do it. Larry!
No. no. no--
Hi-yah!
Ow! Oh. God!
All right. all right.
all right. all right!
We out.
Get your hardheaded ass on.
Welcome to New York. sucker!
Hey. Teyana.
You might have kicked my ass.
but you still didn't win
that Oscar.
What you say about my Oscar?
Did I stutter? You lost!
You right.
But I won
that Golden Globe. bitch.
Oh. my God! Really?
That's why I never watched
Horror Movie.
It's fucking terrible.
Just a bunch
of celebrity cameos
and fart gags.
So. you don't like parodies?
I'm more into
Judd Apatow films.
You know. elevated comedy.
And what is elevated comedy?
Mm.
The kind that doesn't actually
make anyone laugh.
but makes white people
feel smart.
Tuesday.
don't answer that!
It could be Ghostface.
Oh. come on. Elle!
Stuff like that
only happens in the movies.
Oh. hey.
I wasn't expecting you
to answer the door.
What the fuck?
Now where is my knife?
Ah. here it is.
Hello. Tuesday.
♪ I really wanna get messy ♪
♪ Don't care what I'm doing
Next week ♪
♪ You really don't wanna
Test me ♪
♪ Just pass the drinks
And get sexy ♪
♪ Get messy
Baby. get messy ♪
Hey. miss.
What'd you take?
Just Ritalin for my ADHD.
Adderall for PTSD.
A couple of Xanax
for my anxiety.
And your boner pills.
So good luck
getting it up now.
Jesus. Sara.
how many did you take?
I don't know.
How many come in a bottle?
Hey. Jess.
Sara.
Tuesday's in the hospital.
She was stabbed. By a killer--
you know. Ghostface.
Wait. From Wu-Tang?
Why would Ghostface Killah
aka Pretty Toney
aka Starky Love
want to stab my sister?
God. Sara.
it wasn't Ghostface Killah.
It was somebody
in a Ghostface mask.
Oh!
Okay. that makes more sense.
Hah!
I ain't the one!
Oh!
Jesus. Jack!
What?
I was thinking about
wearing this for Halloween.
My estranged
flat-chested half-sister
was nearly killed
by a psycho in a ghost mask.
I got to go see her
and make up for the past.
Whoa-- Hey. hey. hey.
I'm going with you.
Not because
I'm the obvious killer
trying to lure you back
to your hometown.
I'm just
the supportive boyfriend.
Yeah.
That's all.
Okay. let's go. Get in the car.
Listen. we just have
to make one stop on the way.
I survived.
All thanks to my lucky penny.
♪ The world would be
Boring as fuck ♪
♪ Without big booty
Real hoochie mamas like me ♪
♪ Grabbing ankles
Throwing ass on ATVs ♪
♪ Make 'em say "uh"
I got Master P ♪
♪ Doggy-style. look here.
That's masterpiece ♪
♪ I don't wanna be
In no sausage fest ♪
♪ Where my ladies at?
Throw it east to west ♪
♪ Wow. wow. wow. wow
I'm impressed ♪
♪ Booty up down. up down... ♪
I hate when y'all leave!
Come give me a hug.
Ma. come on. turn off
this ratchet-ass music.
It's embarrassing.
especially for Black women.
It's not embarrassing.
I'm the cool ma everybody wish
they had.
I'm lit!
Don't forget.
I got practice later
so I'll be home late.
You only made the team
because you're Black
and those racist fucks
assumed you could play.
Mm.
It's 2026.
I don't think race is an issue.
Do you read Black Twitter?
No.
Ugh. Brad.
are you still dating that ho?
Okay.
Stop ho-shaming her. heiffa.
Just because Darrel and them
ran a train on her
doesn't make her a ho.
She's not a "ho".
she's "sex positive".
Well. I'm positive she is a ho.
Hey. girl! Look at you!
Early for Halloween. huh?
What you this year?
Slutty schoolgirl?
Ho-ey ho?
Hi. Ms. Meeks.
Love the hair. Very...
Octavia Spencer.
Well. thank you very much.
I got to invite you over
and make you
a little shit pie.
Ooh.
You know what? I got to get to
African American History class.
We're learning about slavery.
Come to find out.
it was a choice.
You see that right there?
That's Kanye?
That's right.
They've been teaching us
wrong all this time.
Mm-hmm. Stay Black!
Bye. Ma.
All right. Bye. baby.
Bye. Ms. Meeks.
Bye.
Son. I put some condoms
in your bag!
You know how they try
to trap y'all.
Ma!
Okay. seriously.
"Sheriff Greg".
you don't have to walk me
to class. I'm fine.
Jess. there's a serial killer
on the loose.
I'm not gonna let anything
happen to my baby girl.
Boy! Okay? I'm a baby boy!
I'm sorry!
I'm having a
hard time with this transition.
Okay. it's really simple.
Treat me like one of the guys.
Okay?
All right. I-I can do that.
Yeah.
- Slap fight.
- Oh.
You call that a slap?
Whew.
What the hell
did you do that for?
Don't act like such a bitch.
Bitch.
Yeah. not bad.
Who the hell lives like this?
Oh. honey.
it is so good to see you!
Come in! Do you want some tea?
Oh. my God. Mother.
You look like shit!
Babe. please.
This is clearly a woman
who's run out of conditioner.
Oh. be careful where you walk.
The whole place
is booby-trapped.
You never know when
that psycho's gonna come back.
Come in.
Okay.
I hate this job.
Mrs. Campbell.
I'm Jack. Sara's boyfriend.
I've heard so much about you...
Uh. none of it good.
I have heard nothing
about you. Jack.
I assume
you're a piece of shit.
But how would I know when
I haven't heard
from my daughter
in. what. six months?
Six years. Mother.
And whose fault is that?
"And whose fault is that?"
I don't know. maybe it's yours!
That's fair.
We want to learn
from the horror you survived.
Look...
Scary Movie 3 and 4
paid me
a lot of money for a girl--
There is nothing
to learn there.
But if you want to talk
about The House Bunny. shoot.
It's happening again!
Some asshole in a mask.
We have to stop him.
You're not ready. lovebug.
I have been preparing
for this for years.
Sacrificed everything.
You were a terrible mother.
Come on. honey
we had some good times.
Like that Christmas I took you
to meet Santa at the mall.
♪ Dashing through the snow ♪
♪ In a one-horse open sleigh ♪
♪ O'er the fields we go... ♪
Your turn. Sara.
Move!
Hi. Santa.
Sorry if I don't
sit in your lap.
You creep me out.
♪ How fun it is
To ride and sing... ♪
Mom?
Santa gave me a severed arm!
Be sure to thank him.
Is that a foot?
Ew. that's gross.
♪ One horse open... ♪
What the fuck?
I am sorry
if that's how you found out
Santa doesn't exist.
Ugh. Mother. I need your help!
To heal our emotional wounds
and put the past behind us?
Oh. God. no.
No. to kill Ghostface!
Do you have any guns?
I am Cindy fucking Campbell.
I've got millions of guns!
But. um.
none of them are registered
due to my mental health issues.
So. if you could just keep that
on the low--
- Okay.
- Oh!
Yeah. I'm gonna be fine.
I didn't hurt myself
on any of these spikes.
♪ K-I-S-S-I-N-G ♪
♪ Me and you
We're sitting in a tree ♪
Oh. hey.
so I spoke to Sara earlier.
Oh. is she coming?
You know.
I did hear
a buzzing sound.
So it's possible.
No.
I meant
to Woodsville. dumbass.
Oh. Yeah. I forgot to ask.
Hey. Jimbo! Go deep!
Yeah. yeah!
Throw it. throw it!
Oh!
Sweet!
Speaking of going deep...
Uh. I don't know
if it's a good time.
Everyone knows
what happens to teenagers
who try to make love when
there's a killer on the loose.
Brad's right
about one thing. guys.
Okay. Ghostface is back.
We need to arm up.
Pepper spray. check.
Taser. check.
Butt plug.
double check.
Goddamn!
You just carry that thing
around?
It's easy to hide.
In your butt.
I'm impressed.
What's up. y'all? I'm back!
Shit. son!
Hey. what's up. Unc?
"Unc"?
I'm tired of you
little Gen Z Alpha niggas
using terms like "unc"
and "auntie".
Gaslighting and glazing
and glamping.
trying to make my generation
sound old.
I ain't your damn unc. nigga!
Shorty. you're our
mother's brother. so. yeah.
technically. you are our uncle.
Oh.
My bad.
Crazy that they let you
teach here.
Teach? Nah. nigga.
I attend.
You looking at a proud
25th-year senior.
When are you
finally gonna graduate?
By the time we do a sequel
and I got to follow
you little young niggas
to college to get my check.
Wait. guys. Tuesday's awake!
All right! Tuesday!
Who the fuck is Tuesday?
Hey. we gotta go
to the hospital.
You gonna take the bus home?
No. The PJ.
Private jet?
Yeah. Jealous?
Man. you smoke weed all day.
Just play video games.
you live-stream.
You literally got money
doing nothing.
Exactly. I leave the hard work
for the old heads.
Shit. son!
Still the same Shorty.
Aight.
Check my crypto. nigga.
Aw. shit.
I'm up three million dollars!
Damn.
now I'm down five million.
This shit crazy. son.
♪ I'm gonna let it shine ♪
♪ This little light of mine ♪
Ray!
Sister Brenda. it's okay.
You heard the call of sin.
yes. you did.
But the Lord has called on us
to show men
such like you the way.
Come on. son! Come with us.
Come on us.
God see you coming.
So don't cheat that come.
We need you to come
like you never came before.
Come for the Father.
come for the Son.
I'ma hold your hand
and we gonna come together.
- God is good. man!
- Yes. sir.
Thank you. Jesus.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
There you go.
In the name of God.
let it go. Ray! Let it go!
Nigga!
Oh. my bad.
Last time.
Let's welcome a new member
to our congre-gay-tion.
Let the people know
how you feel. brother.
There you go.
I'm not gay no more.
Hallelujah!
Yes. sir!
I'm not gay no more!
Praise the lord!
He not gay no more.
I've been delivered!
I'll no longer date a mans!
Even if he's sexy as hell
with a big old chesteses
and perky areolas!
Oh. yeah.
you still got a secret.
I'll no longer
carry a purse. put on makeup.
walk around in high heels.
What?
Red bottoms. The one with
the cute little buckle
on the side.
Those is my shoes.
I'll no longer go on Grindr
and swipe right
at Black mens...
Hmm?
...white mens. Asian mens.
You been on Grindr?
I'll no longer take trips
to the Philippines
looking for ladyboys.
To Phuket. Ko Samui.
Back to Phuket.
Then to Vietnam to see
if I can get them any cheaper.
I thought that was for
our anniversary. Ray.
Oh. this nigga
got a lot of miles.
I'll no longer stand
butt naked in a mirror
with my penis
tucked between my legs...
...dancing like the dude
from Silence of the Lambs.
"It puts the lotion
in the basket. Precious."
I'm a changed man!
I've been delivered!
Shit.
I will!
I said I will!
I will love a woman!
Womans. womans. womans!
You can take that "W-O" off.
Mens-es. mens-es. mens-es.
Womans--
No. no. No. no. Ray. No. no.
Gulp. gulp. gulp.
Whoa. nigga.
Hawk tuah.
hawk tuah. hawk tuah!
You hocking on it?
I've been delivered!
♪ Work. work. working it
For Jesus ♪
♪ No. the devilry is gonna
Stay beneath us ♪
♪ The good praise
Really bumping
Out your speakers ♪
♪ I'ma dance
'Cause His glory
Make me feel some type of way ♪
♪ So we be
Twerk. twerk. twerkin' it ♪
♪ For Jesus ♪
I've been delivered!
♪ No. the devilry is gonna
Stay beneath us ♪
♪ Who make it happen? ♪
♪ That's Jesus ♪
♪ Who have us clapping?
That's Jesus ♪
♪ And the devil can't ever
Come between us ♪
♪ We out here clap. clap
Clapping it for Jesus ♪
Tuesday. Tuesday.
Oh. my God.
Her face. All contorted.
Oh. my God. and the moaning.
I've been trying to get that
out for an hour.
How you feeling. Tues?
Hey. what are they giving you
for the pain? Is that--
Is that morphine or...?
Bitch.
Let's see.
Oh. yeah!
Oh. this that good. good.
This that
Britney Spears shit.
Makes me want to
get half-naked.
dance around
and juggle some knives.
Sara. who's that
Jeffrey Dahmer look-a-like?
Oh. This is my boyfriend. Jack.
Really nice to meet you.
Looks like Ted Bundy to me.
But that ain't
none of my business.
Mm-hmm. Mm!
This little stabbed-up
bitch here needs some rest.
So y'all get the fuck out!
Yes. ma'am.
Oh. not you. Sara.
Why? What did I do?
I'm so scared.
Oh. Tues.
you should be.
You've been stabbed nine times.
And the killer knows
where you live.
I would invite you to come
stay at my place. but
I don't really want
that kind of juju in my house.
For all we know.
he's standing
right outside that door.
That's comforting. Sara.
I thought I was gonna die.
I know. me too!
I planned your funeral.
What the hell?
And I wrote your obituary.
More like ChatGPT wrote it.
But you're still here.
And I will never
let anyone hurt you.
Oh. yum! Ice chips!
Oh. God!
Get off me!
Help!
This white girl can't die
on my shift!
I'm a DEI hire!
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
She was fine a second ago.
No! No. I'm good! I'm good!
Clear!
Again!
Come on. white bitch.
I need this job! Clear!
It's not working!
Clear!
We're losing her.
Harder!
Oh. boy.
Look like there ain't
nothing left
but thoughts.
prayers and pork rinds.
Dear Lord.
Nurse Ratchett.
check out the wire!
The Wire was the shit. baby.
That's my show.
Drugs and that Idris Elba
make this coochie
want to pop. pop. pop!
Dear Lord. please
accept this white bitch's--
Oh!
The Lord works
in mysterious ways.
I'm going on break.
Oh. Tues.
I will never let anyone
hurt you again.
Mm-mm.
Ooh! My bad.
Hello?
Hello. Sara.
Who is this?
Someone
who knows your little secret.
No. no. I swear
that wasn't a Nazi salute!
Okay? I won Prom Queen
and I was-- I was
throwing my heart to the crowd!
No. I'm talking
about your family secret.
Oh. you're the fuck
who hurt my sister.
Well. I had
to get you to come back here.
Listen. if you want
to fuck with me. asshole.
then come and get me!
With pleasure.
Help!
Somebody help!
Please. somebody help!
Bitch!
This the break room.
Mm-hmm.
We on break.
- Oh. God.
- Preach.
Take that!
Oof!
Please. save me!
I've been saving people
all day!
So you handle yours.
I'll be right over here
eating my falafel
and my pork rinds.
I look like your mama?
- Try me now!
- Break's over.
You're welcome.
It really looks like
you got hit with
something hard. Like metal.
I told you. I fell.
Now where exactly
are we going?
To talk to an expert.
Go away!
I'm so sorry to bother you.
We just--
We just want to ask you
a few questions.
Give me one good reason
why I should talk to you.
I'm white.
How white?
Oh. I'm talking
Candace Owens white.
Oh.
Six feet.
When you said expert.
I assumed you meant
more like
Neil deGrasse Tyson or--
Shut up.
I'm Sara Campbell.
I was attacked last night.
I think you should leave.
I don't want to get stabbed.
And I don't want Covid. okay?
Please. come on. Just--
Let's go.
Just two minutes.
that's all I'm asking.
No. No.
I'll give you eight minutes.
And another thing.
I got to test you for Covid.
Ohh!
Ahh...
You guys are good.
When did the work week
become the "woke week"?
We've got Black Friday.
What's next. Mulatto Monday?
I mean. Yellow Thursday?
Tan Tuesday? Come on.
Let me get this
out of your way.
Oh!
Sorry.
Covid tests are done.
Yup! You're good.
You're Cindy's daughter. right?
Yeah.
I don't know him.
This is Jack.
My love interest.
No! No. no. no.
Rule Number One
of surviving a horror movie is.
"Never trust
the love interest."
Look at him!
He's got that weird lazy eye.
poking one way
and then he's drooling
like a psychopath.
He's got that stump leg.
Makes him all walk weird
and creepy.
I don't have a stump.
Well. that guy does.
Oh I'm looking at me.
Special Officer Doofy. Retired.
Listen. Doofy.
we could really use your help.
No. I can't go back
to that life.
Plus. we're in the middle
of a global pandemic!
Okay. I hate
to break it to you.
but Covid has been over
for. like. years.
Hmm.
Really?
- Yeah.
Damn it!
What am I gonna do
with all this canned meat?
Get out! I don't want
Ghostface to find me.
And don't come back!
It's the sound of the police.
Special Officer Doofy.
reporting for duty.
Okay. just because he showered
doesn't mean that--
No. I didn't shower.
I just take water
from my mouth and--
You want some? Okay.
No. that's okay.
Come on. Doofy.
Yeah. let's do it.
Sara. is your
ghetto-ass mom coming
or can we start talking
about this plot?
Uh...
Hi.
You came.
Not in. like. 15 years. honey.
But I did buy this new rose.
so fingers crossed.
Oh.
Oh!
Oh. my old friend!
You taught me how to dance.
How to make a high N-word pie.
Nigga. I'm right
in back of you.
Shorty!
What's up. Cindy?
How you doing? My nigga.
Shit. son!
I can't believe you thought
I was dead.
Well. between cancer
from the weed smoke
your love of the McRib
and racist cops.
I didn't think
you had a chance.
Yeah.
that's a terrible combination.
Hi. Cin.
Stop smiling at me!
Shit! WorldStar!
WorldStar! WorldStar!
Hey.
he's intellectually disabled!
That's just how he looks.
you drunk honky.
Hey. hey. hey!
Don't call that white bitch
a honky.
C'mon. have some respect.
I keep seeing people
smiling everywhere.
I'm not very likable.
so it must be
some kind of curse.
Hey. everybody!
She's high.
Look what I got.
Non-branded gelatin shots
made with grain alcohol
and GHB.
So ain't nobody sipping nothing
they didn't consent to
like last time.
which I apologize.
Mm-hmm.
Take one.
I love roofying myself.
No. Ma. No. Mama.
You sure. baby?
Hi. Brenda.
Please do not call me
by my government name.
Call me Ma.
Cindy!
Oh. my God!
You dropped the tray.
Oh. my God. Cindy.
I haven't seen you in forever!
My God. look at you!
You look the same!
Minus the crow's feet.
And your hair is so dry.
Oh. and your titties
dropped so far.
Other than that.
you look the exact same.
What have you been up to?
Oh. you know.
neglecting my children
so I can prepare
to kill Ghostface
should he ever return.
What about you?
Well. I been mostly just
getting high school kids drunk
in a desperate attempt
to stay young
and keep my kids at home.
I always knew
you'd be a great mom.
Oh. Cindy!
Should we hug?
Oh. I really want to.
but I'm a Republican now
so I'm supposed to be racist.
Oh. girl. I think all
white people are racist anyway.
Come here.
Okay.
Mm!
Oh!
You want a shot? Yeah? Here.
Oh. yes. yes. please.
You know. Ma.
this place could be so cool
if you had. like.
a-a beer pong table over there.
and maybe. like. a snack wall.
What you know about cool?
When I was your age.
I was popping bottles
with Puffy. Puff Daddy.
P. Diddy. Diddy.
All the Seans.
That didn't age well.
Your momma was the freak
in the freak-offs.
Shit. son!
You want to see something cool?
I'ma show you something cool.
God. that's cool.
What are you doing?
What?
No. not like that.
Like this.
Oh. yeah.
I don't know why
y'all acting so scared.
The gun ain't even loaded.
Shit!
Oh. shit. son!
Uh-oh. I did it again.
I always forget that last one
in the chamber.
Help me move this body.
Yeah. you got it.
That was fun.
Oh. so. what are you doing
- after this?
- I want to go to Cabo.
Oh. I love Cabo!
You know what?
I used to put cocaine
up my hoo-hah
and travel there all the time.
Well. that's because
you're so smart.
Yeah.
Oh.
All right.
Let's get back to the plot.
I'm looking at you.
Ted Bundy eyes.
Looking like a school shooter.
I think you the killer.
- Oh. me?
- Mm-hmm.
Okay. what about
Deputy Doofy over there?
I-I don't have a motive.
You know. what's my motive?
You were the killer
in the first movie.
Shouldn't you be locked up?
No. I got pardoned.
Mostly because of the
storming the Capitol. you know.
Oh.
I got proof.
- This is me. And it's framed.
- Oh.
That's a cool hat.
What about Jess?
What about me?
If anybody here has issues
that could lead to murder...
Okay. I get it!
Trans-shaming
is not cool. okay?
They-- He's just a dude.
Yeah.
Minus the upper body strength
and the dick part.
Hey. you don't know
what I got down here. okay?
I do.
Hey. hey.
Listen. what we know so far
is everyone who's been attacked
is related to
the original characters.
He wants to kill the kids.
Aha! He's making a rebootequel.
- A what now?
- Yeah. It's like.
a reboot and a sequel.
Mixes legacy characters
with new characters
in an attempt to feed into
bullshit nostalgia
and bring more fans
to the theaters.
Just like last year's
I Know What
You Did Last Summer.
That's a movie?
What did I do last summer?
I think you're talking about
The Summer I Turned Pretty.
- Yeah.
- Ray.
when did you get here?
Oh. I been here.
I was just hanging out
by the men's room.
Oh.
My room?
Okay. so that means
that our killer is writing
his own version
of Horror Movie.
Okay. so according to
the re-booty-call rules.
who's the killer?
I think it's pretty obvious.
Who?
You. bitch.
Me?
Guys. I am not the killer.
Ghostface attacked Tues
to lure me back here.
I think he attacked Tuesday
to get you back here
so he could get me back here.
He wants to kill the OGs.
That was a flex.
Yeah. that sounds better.
Aw. fuck this!
And fuck you. Mother!
To your mother?
Hey! Don't be so disrespectful!
And call me Mom!
Or Mommy.
Or whatever's more comfortable.
All units. be advised:
Suspect is still at large.
Black cloak. white mask...
...big-ass knife.
- Talk to me.
- Hello. Sheriff.
Agent Underwood?
I'll give you one hint.
What's your favorite
scary movie?
Well. I'm gonna go
with Saltburn.
I mean. the member on that
English guy was terrifying.
Ken Jeong's junk
in The Hangover
was a much better depiction
of the male anatomy.
Now what do you want. fuckface?
Well.
I'm just calling to tell you
that by the time you get home.
I'll have gutted
your baby girl!
Hey. asshole. she's a boy!
Jess!
Looking for this?
Let me help you.
I got your baby dick.
Winky. winky. winky.
All right.
Here we go.
What do you want. fuckface?
Well.
like father. like. uh. son?
Uh--
I understand
you're home alone.
Well. Dad's out. but
the pool guy. the gardener
and the plumber
are all here. asshole.
Look out your window.
ICE!
No! But they're the backbone
of the American workforce!
And I'm too white
to do those jobs.
Let's cut to the chase.
I'll ask you one question.
If you answer correctly.
you live.
Who was the killer
in Horror Movie?
Oh. that's easy.
It was Bobby and then Gay Ray
the guy who was
totally into dudes.
even though
he claimed he wasn't.
Classic 2000s homophobia.
But I got you. bitch.
Wrong! You forgot
Special Officer Doofy.
Now you die.
Bumbaclot!
You should
probably answer that.
I can literally see you
trying to steal my package.
Oh. shit!
Ah. that was easy.
Uh. someone
order steaks?
It's GoPuff.
Hmm.
- Wait a sec.
- Careful.
You wouldn't want
to let in a killer.
You are about to identify
as dead.
You...
stab like--
a girl.
Come on. girl.
hit that Ghostface Shuffle.
Try the Ghostface Killah
Collection Bundle.
This is Keke West
for OnlyFans Rapid News.
"Rapid News".
You mean "Vapid News".
You don't even
have a cameraman!
My equipment!
Excuse me.
Oh. my. You're--
Yes. yes.
Three-time Emmy nominee
for Outstanding Achievement
in Sensational Reporting.
I was gonna say
the lady from Friends.
but shorter
and with less Botox.
Oh. Is that
what you were
"gonna say"?
Yeah.
You seriously don't know
who I am?
- Babygirl. I am Gail--
- Gail swallows!
Hey.
Hailstorm. Gail--
Get the hell out of my way!
Oh.
Doofus.
Hey. Gail.
Wow. You haven't aged a day.
You've aged
like a million days.
That's this many. Five--
Your fingers
smell like genitals.
What are you doing
in that ridiculous uniform?
Uh. I-I'm back on the case.
Yeah. I'm gonna bust Ghostface.
Well. um.
tell me.
Special Needs Officer Doofy...
Um.
Wow.
Are there any suspects
in this tragic yet completely
predictable incident?
I-I'm not allowed to say.
No. no. okay. no.
Yes. you can. Yes. you can.
Not-- Yeah--
You can tell me.
Um. ah. oh. my God.
What the f--
Hey!
Remember when
you used to give blowjobs
for sensitive information?
I don't give blowjobs anymore.
okay? Not since MeToo.
Okay. Sorry.
I give handjobs now.
but the story better be good.
Okay. I'll do a handjob.
Let's do it. Let's do it.
What the--
I'm gonna get you.
Uncle Ray-Ray's gonna get you!
Ray?
You got my outfit.
you little critter.
Maybe weed shouldn't be legal.
Fuck yeah. it should!
Hello. Shorty.
You do know
that smoking is bad for you.
Actually.
weed ain't bad for you.
You got Vitamin T. C and H.
C. B and D.
What's the matter. Shorty?
You look a little antsy.
Maybe because there's
a masked serial killer
sipping tea in my den.
Shorty. you're my nigga.
I mean. friend. Please. sit.
All right.
Do you want to quit smoking?
Well. to be honest.
I tried to quit.
But my mother said.
"I ain't raisin' no quitters."
So I quit quitting.
We could try hypnosis.
Bro. I don't care
how many pocket watches
you try and wave
in front of my face
it ain't gonna work. son.
- You can't magmetize me.
- Sleep.
Shorty.
Hmm?
What's up?
Tell me about your mother.
Damn. nigga.
Let's start
with something light. like:
"Do you lick ass. yes or no?"
The answer's yes.
So what
happened to her. Shorty?
She was coming home.
Her car was parked
to the side of the road.
Someone was in it.
And something bad
was happening.
Why didn't you call anyone?
I couldn't.
I had warrants.
You were 11.
I started young. nigga.
Oh.
What do you see?
I...
I see a big explosion of water.
It was like
a Civil Rights hose.
Police said
it was a murder/suicide.
She killed that man.
When they opened the car door.
his limp body just slid out.
Like the green nigga
in Shape of Water.
I just didn't want it
to be real.
What don't you want to be real?
That my mother was a squirter!
Okay! She was a squirter.
All the floors
in her bedroom was warped.
- I can't move.
- You're paralyzed.
Now...
...sink into the chair.
Wait. no.
- Wait.
- Sink!
Nigga!
I'm in a K-hole. son!
No. you're in a K-pop hole.
Oh. shit. son!
Nigga. I'm numb.
That's what they do
in the hood.
Luke Skywalker!
♪ Ohh ♪
That's some good shit. son.
That dream was wild.
I must've been Elon Musk high.
Tuesday?
Bobby?
Bobby. what the...?
She's gonna die.
Our daughter. Sara?
You're probably right.
She's tough. but let's see her
get stabbed in the gut.
I'm gonna die.
Bobby. you're already dead.
This hallucination
is a manifestation
of my own guilt
for being an awful mom.
Or it could be the shrooms
I just popped.
You're gonna die.
Bitch. you ain't killing me.
Stop smiling!
I can't. Botox.
Hey!
Oh.
This is the mental ward.
Everyone smiles in here.
What?
How-- Um--
Could you point me
in the direction of the ICU?
Is it that way or that way?
Uh. visiting hours are over.
Oh. yes. of course.
The network wants me to clarify
that Black Friday
has nothing to do with race.
Well. just tell that
to my Black friend Benita
who's probably clocking someone
over the head
at Target as we speak!
Right. Benita?
Shamone!
Man. you ain't Michael.
Michael got that Jheri curl.
What is that. son?
Is that shellac?
See. people think it's shellac.
but it's actually Sharpie.
Boy. your hair
looks like fondue.
Indoo-dy.
Michael's got a monkey.
I got a llama.
Fuck Michael!
You can't dance. boy.
I've been practicing.
Oh! Whoa!
Jeez.
Yeah!
Bong! Ow!
I can moonwalk.
Ooh. ooh.
Ooh.
Where is this nigga goin'?
Ow!
Whoo!
"Jermaine".
Coming Juneteenth.
only on Tubi.
I'ma bootleg that shit.
Hello?
Fuck this.
I'm gonna miss you all.
Oh. hell no!
Think Black. don't die.
Oh!
Goddamn it!
Jack?
Did Sara tell you to come?
Um...
Yeah! That's why I'm here.
Not to murder you
or anything like that.
Then why
are you wearing gloves?
Would you believe I...
am thinking about dressing up
as O.J. Simpson for Halloween?
But those fit.
Look out!
Not cool. bro.
you almost hit a vein.
I-I mean--
Help!
Oh. yes!
Oh...
Whew.
I'm gonna gut you like a pig!
I'm gonna...
What a stupid line.
That is so true!
What are you gonna do?
Turn me into bacon?
I got to get better writers.
I'm laughing so hard.
my ribs hurt.
Wait until
I stick my knife in them!
I'm crying over here.
I got to go
- before you really kill me.
- Here I come.
Oh. God.
I might die laughing first!
Oh. Oh. shit.
He's really gonna kill me.
I want what they're on.
I'm gonna turn you
into bacon. little piggy.
No. no.
No.
I'm sorry. Excuse me.
Excuse me.
I'm so sorry.
Out of our way!
Step aside.
Official police business.
Doofy!
I like doing that.
Ooh!
Smile. you son of a bitch.
What the f...?
My psycho mother said
always keep a strap.
Go! Go!
Okay.
I'm gonna go get
your love interest.
I'll get your love interest.
Ow. the pain. the agony.
Sara. if I don't make it...
Seriously. Tues.
stop trying to win an Oscar.
It's a horror movie.
it'll never happen.
Just ask Demi Moore.
No! No!
I got him. I got Jack.
Doofy! What the fuck?
The fuck?
I can't help myself.
It's just me and you now.
Ghosty.
Hm.
You got to shoot them
in the head.
Shoot them in the head.
Oof. Ow.
Die!
Die. you little dumb dunce.
Smell...
my...
finger.
Oh. God!
What the fuck was that? Ugh.
My ass.
Fuck your ass! Pause.
Oh. God.
that's-- that's my ass.
- Oh. God.
- Any last words?
I go poopy.
Oh. hell no.
I ain't cleaning up that shit!
I'm on break.
Come on. I do the
killing. not the cleaning. Ugh.
What you say?
Never mind.
Yo. what's up. chat?
This your boy Shorty.
That's right.
it's another Halloween-a-thon.
And it's another day
of me getting paid mad money
for doing absolutely nothing
while you stupid motherfuckers
watch.
And they call me dumb!
I want to give a smooth
shout-out to my sponsor:
Angry Orchard Hard Cider.
They got mad apples. son.
We created a slogan!
I'm a marketing genius!
Aight. It wouldn't be
a Halloween-a-thon
without a dope guest.
He's a legend
in the streaming game.
Give it up for Kai Cenat!
We gonna break the internet!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Let's get serious.
What brings you to the chat?
You promised
I was gonna be in the movie.
I've been calling you.
You ghosted me.
Bro. I thought that was one
of my crazy-ass baby mamas.
That's-- That's my bad.
And speaking of ghosted--
Somebody wants to talk to you.
Hello?
What's your favorite
scary movie?
Nah!
Oh!
Oh. whoa. whoa!
Ah!
We breaking the internet. son!
What's up. my guy?
You got some Angry Orchard
Hard Cider in the house?
You damn right.
They got mad apples.
Oh!
Wassup?
We about to do
my favorite thing:
Spin the... wheel!
Extreme Noodle Game!
We gonna go back there
with these noodles
and we gonna smack
the fuck out you!
Then you gotta guess
who did it.
That doesn't even make sense.
This is a dumb game.
Oh!
Uh...
Kai. Kai.
Man. what?
Yeah.
Wait-- No. no. no--
You just killed Kai Cenat.
On the chat.
We making history. son!
Money. money. money!
Oh. thank God.
It's about time
you guys got here!
Now you're gonna get it.
Oof!
Hold still!
So that's our suspect.
Goes by the name "Shorthand".
Hmm.
Was the handyman at a house
reputed to be haunted in 2001.
Is there anything
you're not telling me?
That your wife hates you
you believe the Earth is flat
and you voted for Trump
three times.
What. I was supposed
to vote for the woman?
Huh?
I believe Shorthand
is the notorious Ghostface.
What that mouth do?
Stop resisting!
He did look pretty sketchy.
They got the wrong guy.
And you know that
because you're psychic?
No. says so
on the arrest warrant.
I don't know.
That guy's Black.
Nah. he's kinda...
not that Black.
Like gravy brown.
Ugh!
Get him!
Hit him with your strong hand!
Boom!
Arrest him anyways.
Probably did something. right?
Turn off your body cams!
Miss Hailstorm. welcome back.
Doc. I'm begging you.
You got to help me
look younger.
These little bitches
are killing me out there.
They're wearing nothing but a--
a sausage casing
and a ring light.
Trust me with this withered.
decrepit. age-ravaged body.
and I will make you whole.
One Middle-Aged
White Lady Special
coming right up.
Thanks.
I'm gonna play a quick video
on the ins and outs
of the procedure.
and then we'll get started.
Do you wish
you weren't so old and saggy?
Do you wish you were younger?
Sexier?
Fuckable again?
One single injection
unlocks your DNA.
creating a new. better you.
This is The Stuff.
Doc. this isn't that
Gwyneth Paltrow crap
that makes you
smell like her vag. is it?
I like it.
♪ I feel... ♪
♪ Brand fucking new ♪
♪ New ♪
Wow. that's a lot of Stuff.
Oh. a mask on a mask.
Safety first. right. Doc?
Oh. no!
I'm having second thoughts!
I'm gonna love
and accept myself as I am.
♪ I feel ♪
♪ Brand fucking new ♪
Oops. Wrong movie.
- You were thinking it.
- But you said it.
White Chicks 2. my ass.
♪ I feel ♪
♪ Brand fucking new ♪
♪ New ♪
♪ I feel brand fucking new ♪
Hey. Sara.
Tuesday. I--
I tried to visit you.
I am sorry for everything.
Especially your name.
It was Taco Tuesday.
I was super drunk.
But I promise you.
I will kill this motherfucker!
- It's fine. really. we're cool.
- I'm gonna--
I'll pull the car around.
We're good.
I'm going to take you
to the car!
I got stabbed.
I'm not deaf. you dumbass!
I'm taking Tues away
from all of this!
Oh...
Come on. Cindy.
I tried to run. too. but...
it follows!
Now you're probably expecting
a flashback to that movie.
but it's too obscure.
Yeah. and the plot is weird.
You have sex with someone.
give them a STD
and then it haunts them
in the form
of their naked grandma.
It's like a STD biopic.
Ugh. the killer is taunting me.
Why doesn't he just kill us?
Uh. speak for yourself.
Like. what are you waiting for?
Oh. no. no. no. sweetie.
sweetie. It's like this.
What are you waiting for. huh?
What are you waiting for?
God. I wish
you weren't my mother!
What are you waiting for?
Candyman.
- You sure about this?
- Yeah. keep saying it.
Candyman.
Candyman!
So what's up?
You got that candy. man?
- I got weed gummies.
- Yeah.
K-nuts.
- Shroom chocolates.
- Shit. son!
And what take you so long
to show up?
Come on. Clarence.
I called you five times.
Nigga. show up in three.
You ain't even call me
on the phone.
Luckily I was walking by
and heard y'all
through the hole in this wall.
And fix that shit.
You shut your ass up.
You need to go
to a proctologist
and get your skin looked at.
Having acne over
the age of 40 is wild work.
I look better than this nigga.
Maybe on this side.
Hey. ain't no time for beefing.
We about to be high as fuck.
We gonna party. son!
♪ Coming in hot
They better watch it... ♪
Happy Halloween. y'all.
Watch out for Ghostface.
♪ If they come
For my spot... ♪
- That's right. Drink up!
- Hey!
Hey! I love it. Look at that.
You're looking good.
You seen your sister?
♪ You always better ♪
♪ When you at the top
But I had... ♪
Ray. you seen Dei?
I-I can't find her since
she went to that protest.
No.
Ray. let me guess.
You are Woody from Toy Story!
Nah. Brenda. that's gay.
Oh.
Jake Gyllenhaal
from Brokeback Mountain.
"I wish I knew how to quit you.
but I can't."
You love that movie!
Hey. Brenda!
Huh?
Have you seen
my big old bag of candy?
It had chocolates.
gummies. lollipops.
I-It's gone missing.
No. no. no. it's not missing.
I passed it out
to the trick-or-treaters.
Brenda. that's my stash!
I'm so fucking high!
Whoo-hoo!
I can't feel my face!
I'm on that Naruto shit!
Six-seven! Six-seven!
Fuck.
Why is she looking at me?
♪ Fucking with a boss. yeah
It costs ya ♪
A little disturbing.
I'm here for it.
♪ Yeah
It's all there ♪
♪ Bend it over
Touch your paws. yeah ♪
♪ Make it talk. yeah ♪
Oh. Okay.
♪ Make that ass jump
Uh-huh ♪
♪ Make that ass jump ♪
Hey. hey!
♪ You better ♪
♪ You better
Make that ass jump ♪
♪ My nigga sleep so you know
I'm outside tho ♪
♪ Jet skis ass out
Crop top hoe-- ♪
Hey!
Do you know how many baby seals
die from microplastics?
Shit.
It's Ghostface!
Oh. my God! He stabbed her!
Not "her".
My pronouns are "they/them".
He stabbed "them"!
I'm over 40. How am I supposed
to keep up with all of this?
She's not wrong.
It's Karens like you
that keep the patriarchy going.
with their knees on our necks!
Now you're playing
the race card?
I've had enough of her shit.
"Their" shit. bitch!
And to be clear.
my real name is Karen!
Oh. shit. This is too good.
Ignore the insults.
"They" don't realize
we're here to help "them".
Toxic masculinity
and mansplaining
doesn't help anybody!
How is my masculinity toxic?
I love women and sports.
Just not together.
Come here. bitch.
My turn!
- Me next!
- They ain't ready for
this!
Let me at them!
Me next!
Fuck your pronouns.
Oh. shit.
Suck knife.
I blame the manosphere.
♪ Hit the bar
Rock side-to-side ♪
♪ And lean in a bit ♪
♪ Shining like a star
'Cause every night... ♪
Uncle Shorty.
What's up. nephew?
Can I ask you something?
Yeah. shoot.
It's about. y-you know
how to go down on a girl.
You talking about eating pussy?
That's so cringe. but yeah.
Well. maybe if you stop talking
like a 14-year-old white girl
you could learn something.
All right. so listen up.
First thing you got to do.
you got to--
You got to spread them legs.
You got to open it up.
Then you want
to use your fingers.
Sometimes you can use two.
Two fingers. like that there.
Yeah?
Now. once you get it
all in there. now...
you got to use your tongue.
You can't be afraid of it.
Yeah. lean into it.
Nah. nah. nah.
you doing it too fast.
What are you. a lizard?
You got to be gentle.
You got to talk to it.
"Hey there. little guy.
how you doing?"
Hey there. little guy.
Boom!
Just like rolling a blunt.
All you got to do. nephew...
Is hit that shit.
Got it?
Mm-hmm.
All right. now
if you want to learn
to lick ass. ask your mama.
You feel so good.
Oh. yeah.
Elle.
I want to try something.
I-I thought you said
you'd never let me peg you.
What? No.
Relax.
I just want to taste you.
Okay.
Dinner time.
Oh. yeah. come here. baby.
Careful. My kitty is gangster.
Oh! Oh...
It is gangster. Okay.
Slapped you so hard.
you want some more. Yeah!
Oh!
You feel so much better
than Darrel and them.
Choo-choo!
Get back in there!
Yeah! Lick it!
Yeah! Lick it hard!
Finish her.
Oh. my God!
Just like rolling a blunt.
Now all I got to do is hit it.
Oh-- Oof!
Elle!
What the fuck?
Hey there. We heard tell
of a Halloween party.
You did now. did you?
We're here to drink.
play bad music.
do some half gay shit.
Why just half gay?
Can I help you?
If you just invite us in.
Why you need a invitation?
White folks show up
to parties uninvited
all the time with their little
nasty-ass casseroles.
Bland as shit. Y'all better
start using some Lawry's.
Mm-hmm.
And why she got
them dirty-ass feet?
Look like you
was walking around
porn sets all day.
Got them trailer park toes.
Shit. son!
I think you're in
the wrong place. Y'all Klan?
No.
We believe in music
and equality.
How about we show y'all?
It's okay. no.
♪ Well. we're movin' on up ♪
♪ Movin' on up ♪
♪ To the East Side ♪
♪ To a deluxe apartment ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ In the sky ♪
♪ We're movin' on up ♪
They gentrified the Jeffersons?
Weezy's rolling around
in her grave right now.
You can't do this
to the Black National Anthem.
♪ We finally got
A piece of the pie! ♪
Boo!
Nigga. you suck!
Boo your ass!
We worked hard on this!
Take that bullshit
out of here!
We ain't got time
for that dumb shit!
Why won't ya just go
to one of those frat parties
where they drink until
they black out
and wake up
with their booties hurting.
not knowing what someone
in a cowboy hat did to them?
Yeah! What?
Okay.
Well. we will leave
you guys alone.
But we're gonna walk real slow
just in case
y'all change your minds.
- Change your minds yet?
- No.
Not at all.
Hell no.
How about now?
Fuck no!
No!
Yes?
Hell to the nah.
Definitely not!
Keep walking!
- Now git!
- Let's go.
Sara. come on!
White folks
is getting weird again.
Guys. I think I saw
an open window over here.
That window's closed.
Not for long.
Wicked.
Oh. God. Fucking idiots.
♪ Bad. bad. bad to the bone ♪
♪ We can play
But you can't take me home ♪
♪ Bad. bad shows off the... ♪
Hey! Tuesday! You came back!
Yeah. I left my inhaler.
Honestly. Tuesday.
that inhaler is the worst
plot device in movie history.
That's true.
should've been a vape.
But we're here now.
so let's make the most of it.
Now where them White Claws at?
Sara?
Hello.
Get your sister and get out
of there right now. Okay. hon?
I am a grown-ass woman. Mother.
I don't have to do
anything you tell me to do.
That's the house where
your psycho father
killed those people.
Someone wanted
to get you there.
Which means...
someone wants to get me there.
Oh. my God.
this isn't about you!
Why are you yelling?
Because the camera's
so fucking far away!
Wait. hold on.
Are you tracking my phone?
You're breaking up.
Uh-- Yeah.
Happy Birthday!
Hey. that's my car!
What the fuck?
Elle!
I'm sorry!
I thought
I was supposed to smoke it.
Oh. shit.
Seriously? With the
12 Years a Slave shit?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I didn't see that movie. okay?
I just found this thing
in the shed. Jesus.
Come on. bro!
That's even worse.
I didn't mean it that way.
Some of my best victims
are Black.
And another brother
falls victim to gun violence.
Turns out
race is still an issue.
That's not fair!
You know. Black guys usually
die first in horror movies.
Damn!
This give whole new meaning
to Dead By Daylight.
Yeah.
Oh. Get them. son.
Goofy ass out of here.
Hello. Shorty.
Cuckoo! Get him. niggas!
Got your silly ass!
You about to be high as fuck.
♪ Party ♪
♪ Aw. yeah. aw. yeah ♪
♪ Ain't nobody standing... ♪
Nigga!
Ah. shit. son!
Bro. why you running
backwards. son?
I don't know.
It's not me.
Something's wrong with this.
Nigga.
your remote is upside-down!
You're fucking high. son.
- Game on. bitches!
- Yeah.
Oh!
Wrong nigga.
Black Lives Matter!
Not you. Shorty!
Oh. my-- I need you.
Whoa. what is going on?
Oh. Jack!
Oh. thank God you're here!
Where were you?
Ghostface was just here!
I was just outside
getting some fresh air.
Stop!
One of you is the killer.
Elle...
why do you have blood
on your hands?
I found Brad outside.
She's the killer!
I am not the killer. okay?
I'm not even sex positive.
I'm a virgin.
No way.
You've banged. like.
every dude in Woodsville.
Fuck you!
Whoa!
The butt doesn't count.
Oh!
Shit. she shot Ashton!
Welcome to Act Three. bitches.
What?
What does that even mean?
It's when the shit goes down.
Oh.
I still don't really know
what she means.
but I think we should run!
Run!
Cindy!
Brenda.
Cindy. they in there shooting!
These kids are wild!
I blame it on video games.
not the liquor
or lack of
parental supervision.
You're gonna need this.
Oh.
Do you have one bigger
in black?
Oh. wrong bag.
Here.
Ooh.
Who are you. Joan Wick?
I would've said Ballerina.
but nobody saw that shit.
Let's do this.
Okay.
Help! He stabbed me!
I'm definitely not faking it.
Please. help!
What do you think?
I think Drake lost to Kendrick.
I still like Drake. but
what was up with that lawsuit?
That's such a bitch-ass move.
About this situation.
Oh. that?
That's definitely a trap.
She don't know
we already been here.
done that.
Brenda!
Cindy! It hurts!
Am I gonna make it?
I doubt it.
Oh. God. Cindy. Oh. God.
Bitch. I'm not dead yet!
Oh. My bad. I'm sorry.
Now you go back in there
and finish it.
For me. Cindy.
I would do anything for you.
Brenda.
Oh. yes! She bought it.
That old ketchup trick.
it don't fail.
That bitch is crazy
if she thought
I was taking my Black ass
back in there.
Attention all killers!
You have five seconds
to show yourselves.
Shorty!
Bitch!
You shot my favorite bong.
Go find your own damn closet!
Sorry.
Hello. Cindy.
Hello.
Looks like you forgot
the first rule
of surviving a horror movie.
Never answer the phone!
I thought the first rule was
never trust the love interest.
Oh. really?
Well. I'm changing the rules.
How about that?
New rule: Go fuck yourself.
Wait. wait!
Why do you
hate closets so much?
I told you to come out.
Yeah. well.
I didn't want to get shot!
Ironic. isn't it?
You missed me. bitch.
Oh. God. it's Ghostface!
Didn't sound believable.
You think you're John Wick.
acting like I killed your dog?
The dog is just a metaphor.
It was about losing his wife!
You sure it's not
an allegory?
Let us begin.
Oh.
Oh. that stunt girl is good.
Whoa.
Oh. oh--
Eat a dick.
Shoot him. Sara. End this.
Don't tell me what to do!
This isn't the best time
to resolve our
mommy-daughter issues.
but Sara. I am so sorry.
I have been a terrible mother.
I don't even know
your sister Wednesday--
Oh. Tuesday.
Have to clarify that
for legal reasons.
But I've prepared you for this.
So go on. baby.
You kill him.
Sara?
Jack!
- Sara!
- Jack!
- Oh. Jack!
Sara!
Jack!
- Sara!
- Jack!
Thank God you're okay.
Because I really wanted to be
the one to kill you!
Ooh. take it. baby.
See.
I told you it was about me.
No. Sara.
You were just the bait.
It's about her.
- Fuck!
- Aw.
Sorry. honey.
I hate being right.
You should've
listened to Doofy.
The love interest.
It just seemed too obvious.
you know?
Which makes you think
it is not obvious.
Same page. honeybunch.
Right.
Yeah. well. that's the twist!
Now get in the kitchen. Go!
Hey!
Move!
Okay. listen up!
See. there hasn't been
a great Horror Movie
since the first one.
We're gonna save the franchise.
Go get our special guest star.
Hollywood is out of ideas!
Why else would there be
a Scary Movie 6?
But it wouldn't work with just
the new characters. would it?
We need the legacy characters.
Oh--
And there wouldn't be a Cindy
without her
sassy Black sidekick. Brenda.
You ain't have to say "Black"
with no hard "b" like that.
Brenda! Didn't you get shot?
Did I?
Oh! Wait. I did!
Ooh. look. God done healed me!
Ooh. what He do?
Stop dancing!
All the time!
Everybody stop dancing!
Oh!
Oh.
Mom! No!
You called me "Mom".
You care about me.
Well. I wouldn't go that far.
but. I mean.
sure.
Go--
Go get Tuesday.
Okay. ladies.
time to stage the bodies.
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
Oh!
Please don't do this!
What? Who are you people?
We're the motherfuckers
that are taking over
this franchise.
Oh. yeah? You are?
Okay! Oh. my God.
That was not part of the plan.
Oh. God. Shit.
- Oh.
- Neither was this.
Wait. Ray got one of those!
Whoa! Hot damn!
Anthony Anderson!
Yeah.
And I brought my boy
Kevin Hart with me.
What?
Shaq?
That's right. On my knees
I'm the same height as Kevin.
And Kevin said no.
Kevin Hart said no?
That little motherfucker
says yes to everything.
Yeah. he does.
But wait!
There's more.
Ta-dah...
bitches!
Ray? Shorty?
Yeah. that's right.
Four Black killers.
Yeah.
We're making history.
This a new definition
of Black excellence.
But why would you do this?
Question is:
Why would you try to make
a sequel without us. huh?
Yeah!
When the studio wanted
to replace these brothers.
I was there.
That's facts.
What about me?
What about you?
You were in one scene
in Part 4.
Oh!
Yes. but I made
that motherfucker
Dr. Phil cut his foot off.
- And he crazy now.
- Yeah. he got weird.
Mm.
But you--
Y-You see
what they trying to do?
They trying to pit us all up
against each other.
They trying to start Black
on-- on very Black crime.
Oh.
That's right!
Yo. Shaq.
Hey. I'm proud of you. bro.
You've had an amazing career
as a sports commentator
since retiring
from basketball.
Mm-hmm.
And I love The Big Podcast.
Nigga. I love that shit!
Even though I don't understand
a word you be saying.
You be on that show
talkin' 'bout--
"Kobe."
Enough.
But my point is. nigga.
I love your shit.
But I never got over Kazaam.
Fuck all that shit!
Kick his ass!
Get your big ass over here!
I hated that movie. too!
Why did you leave the Lakers?
You and Kobe
would've had nine rings!
That motherfucker traded me!
Sha-kweel!
How big is your foot?
22.
Then how big is your dick?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Ray!
- Pause.
- What the fuck
you talking about?
I'm doing it for the culture.
What culture?
- The Culture Club. Nigga!
- Bro.
Come on. Ray.
we killing people.
Stay focused.
All right. all right.
All right. We back.
Hey. Ant. don't. don't you--
don't you worry. We family.
Ant. mad respect. y'all.
Hey. Black-ish nominated
for eight Emmys!
My nigga!
Well. actually.
the show was only nominated
for five.
I was nominated for eight.
Ooh.
Wow.
Oh. thank you.
A thespian!
Is that so? Eight nominations.
Crazy!
Yeah. man.
But you never won.
What?
Et tu. Brute?
Don't speak Spanish to me.
motherfucker.
This is for doing
Scary Movie 3 and 4!
I didn't know
they fired the family!
And this is for copying
our Good Times episode
on Black-ish!
But you guys were on The WB!
Nobody saw that shit!
Ooh.
No. no. no.
And you. and you--
Y'all went and did
Scary Movie 3 and 4 without us!
Nigga. I'm sorry.
They offered me so much money!
I-I got a new house. a new car.
I got wigs that don't itch.
And what about you?
Well. I had a chance
to work with
the incomparable Charlie Sheen.
That's good. He's a legend.
And his dick game's crazy.
You know he slept with
47.000 women?
And a thousand of them women
were dudes.
Lucky guy.
Wait.
so y'all gonna kill us now?
Nah.
What would Halloween be
without Jamie Lee Curtis?
Or Scream be
without Neve Campbell?
That would be Scream VI.
How did you guys
pull all of this off?
Cindy!
You know how many Wayanses
there are?
Nigga. billions!
Billions!
I'm just so happy that
the old gang is back together.
Okay. in the middle. on three:
Core Four.
What?
Nah. nah. We-- That--
That-- That's corny shit.
That's wack.
Ooh. uh. w-what about--
What about.
The Young and The Restless?
Yeah. or The-- or The Old
and then The Beautiful.
Or-- or The--
The Cute and The Crusty.
Yeah. or The Sexy
and then The Senile.
But we were brought in
to take over the franchise!
That's right. I mean.
you guys are. like.
70 years old!
Not in my mouth!
Aw. fuck!
I just dragged that one
from the subway.
Oh. my back hurts.
Guys. guys!
They're already dead.
Nah! Little fuckers
always come back.
Oh. no. Not this time.
Exactly. Come on.
Ray. let's go.
Let's go.
Who got a match?
Got one. got one!
Next generation. my ass!
Yeah. whoo!
Sara. tell me what do to.
Blow. bitch. blow!
Yeah.
Wait. Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Should we feel bad?
I mean. those are our kids.
Fuck those kids!
Yeah!
This is our franchise.
Besides. we can do all these
dramatic walkaways
with the fire in back of us.
But. damn. it's hot.
I don't know.
I kind of like it.
You do. Ray?
We should play firemen.
You wanna dress up
like a fireman?
No. I want you to dress up
like a fireman.
Y'all feel a draft?
♪ Bigger than ever ♪
♪ We back
Woo ♪
♪ Okay. okay ♪
♪ We back
We back ♪
♪ Okay. okay ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Wait on it
Put in pain for it ♪
♪ Every day
A day to train for it ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ We back
We back ♪
♪ Back like respawn ♪
♪ Respawn ♪
♪ Back like
Reversin' out the whip ♪
♪ Forward drive ♪
♪ Drive ♪
♪ Back like I'm Marty ♪
♪ Marty ♪
♪ Back like McFly ♪
♪ Double back for dinero ♪
♪ 'Cause it's back
Like I slide ♪
♪ We outside ♪
♪ We ain't never really left ♪
♪ Write ambidextrous ♪
♪ Both hands need a check ♪
♪ Whole fam need respect ♪
♪ More bands. nothing less ♪
♪ Tax season 'cause I got
The plan to collect ♪
♪ Uh ♪
♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ Now ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ My foot on the pedal
My eyes on the crown ♪
♪ Uh ♪
♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ Now ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Okay. okay ♪
♪ We back ♪
♪ Bigger than ever ♪
♪ Wait on it
Put in pain for it ♪
♪ Every day
A day to train for it ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Mm ♪
♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ My foot on the pedal ♪
♪ My eyes on the crown ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ Whoo. look at me now ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back. whoo ♪
♪ Okay. okay ♪
♪ We back ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Wait on it
Put in pain for it ♪
♪ Every day
A day to train for it ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ We back ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
Coming soon
to a theater near you...
Come to me...
Count Brolock.
From the studio
that brought you
every Black version
of a white movie...
I am but an appetite.
nothing more.
That's not what you said
last night
when you were
sucking on my chest.
The sisters may hear you.
Too late.
You trifling sellout.
I don't know this bitch!
She's trying to get me!
This is entrapment!
- Negro ain't shit.
- Mm-hmm.
Behold the Black vampire.
Brosferatu.
Coming this Kwanzaa.
Cuckoo. Cuckoo.
Happy Birthday. A.S. Berger.
- Something isn't right here.
- Happy birthday...
He's definitely Ghostface.
Sit.
I agree. Berger.
That hand should spend
the rest of its life in prison.
That little hand. man. I mean--
Respectfully. that thing would
probably give a nice handjob.
Off the chain. guaranteed.
Tight grip.
Make your meat
look two times bigger.
Yeah.
I don't want
a handjob from him.
Let me tell you that.
first and foremost.
I do not want a handjob.
Me neither.
However. when you look at it.
like a shotgun--
You're done.
Now. listen.
we're gonna hold him. okay?
Okay.
It might be a day.
two weeks. I don't know.
I don't know how long
this movie is.
Like a Chris Nolan movie
with farts.
But what I want you to do
is go in there
and show him what you got.
Cock it and rock it.
Ah.
Oh!
There she is.
The birthday girl.
I brought a cake.
Make a wish.
My germs!
Finger-licking good.
Agent Berger. I'm just trying
to give you my strong hand.
No!
But it's a meme.
Mr. Shorthand.
are you Ghostface?
Here we go--
Whew. that stings.
It's sort of--
Whoo.
Okay. that hurts.
Stop.
Can I talk to you
for a second?
Yeah. o-okay.
This table needs an airbag.
It should--
Goddamn!
Whoo!
I didn't think it would
hurt so bad.
So we got the wrong guy.
Could have told you that.
Why?
'Cause I'm psychic.
Oh. yeah!
You know. it's what--
Oh. shit!
Oh. God.
that's how I feel.
Let me tell you some--
What do we do now?
Back out slowly.
Like my neighbor when
I caught him inside my wife.
Where are you guys going?
They're still together?
Unfortunately.
Ow!
Sorry. man.
It's okay.
We're a throuple now.